temporal light stories
prelude to hyperion
brief concept: prequel to hyperion war that explains blair's rebelious past from 3rd shrine maiden to hoverbiker to first princess of eather
this also explains the hyperion blade(later renamed to firefight)'s origins

blair and her family are brown fox kitsunes
blair's patterns are solid brown with a white chest and brown eyes
glacia's patterns are brown with a white tip on the tail and on the hands and feet. with hetero chromia eyes
kit's patterns are solid brown with brown eyes

this is removing anything on exp and lv unless otherwise specified
you will gain more exp if you lose but not so much money that is if you survive.

chapter 1
April 5th 2004
Appalachian mountains, South Carolina (later distortion mountains)

the game starts with a tv broadcast of the president of the united states over to the new Earth order

news anouncer:we interrupt this show for some breaking news president leo priderock is going to sign the latest bill signing the US to join the New Earth Order.

glacia: Blair are you watching tv again? We have to go to school!
the screen then changes to blair's room (it looks like a stereotypical girl's room in the early 2000's with first generation of 3d printer in the bottom right corner as a addition)[changed to top left]
blair is sitting in front of the tv
she gets up
system:Press <>^*[* is down in game's font] to move

once the player leaves the room
next scene(glacia is talking to kit[her and blair's mother] in a kitchen. Glaicia notices blair then glacia starts to walk towards blair and the camera focuses on glacia as she walks towards blair)
once glacia gets close to blair

Glacia: Thought I'd find you watching tv, or another drama video, or a horror film

blair: Worse, news

glacia gives a confused look: News, what is going on?
kit then walks into the scene

blair: Our president signed the US to join the new Earth order
everyone except blair gives shocked looks

glacia: Are you sure it wasn't one of those apocalypse films where a planet or multiple are being destroyed by some sort of giant creature?

kit: I am not completely suprised as the US is the last big country that hasn't already signed joined to the new Earth Order. But I doubt our president did that.

blair: If it is a movie it was very convincing, but it could of been propaganda as I just turned it on.

kit: I will ask at work but you two should get to school.

glacia and blair then leave the house to the garage
and each gets on a motorcycle and put on a headset then a helmet

glacia: We will take the backroads, it is a nice practice of our shooting skills

the scene changes to a dirt path with blair riding a motorcycle with glacia a little further ahead 

glacia: I will go ahead to clear a path. But press select on your bike to select a magic type and press @[internal for the a button] to fire.(internal tutorial)

blair: Is there a reason for reciting the manual to me? Are you going to tell me the oiling schedule next?

glacia: No reason...ok maybe to annoy you.

the player navigates through a path of trees and fallen branches
most of which are frozen and shattered.


chapter 2
once the player reaches glacia both blair and glacia get on the road and enters the school parking lot

blair then takes her helmet off and places them in the lockbox on the motorcycle

the school is a mixture of human and monsters and was 10 floors(2 are available in demo)

glacia: This is where we part. Have a nice day Blair!

blair then walks into the classroom

inside is 5 humans 2 boys 3 girls, 3 kitsunes 2 boys and 1 girl,4 phoenixes all boys, 1 female vampire, the instructor is a female blue phoenix (this is excluding blair)
blair then took her seat

instructor: Welcome class to my freshmen magic class. I am Flame Clawwing and I will be teaching you for the next few months. Since there are humans here we are going to only be teaching magic theory. Sorry but I want this to be a fair teaching environment. If you wish to learn practical magic I will have office hours after school

female human A: Serves you monsters right

flame: I will warn you once do not continue this retoric.

female human A: Ok...

blair thinking: I have a bad feeling about her

flame: Anyways I will start with the first lesson. There are two types of magic, manipulation and creation. Manipulation is to take in magic of that element and to force them out. Most magic is of this type. Creation, or I should call it transfiguration, is to convert one magic element into another. This generally uses more energy than manipulation. True creation is rare and can be self destructive.

female human B: What about transformation magic? [she then throws a foxberry into flame's mouth before she can say anything]

flame: Sina, principals office now! Sune, please ensure that she makes it there.

sune: Will do. Sina, you have to come with me.

female human B: Where are you taking me? All I heard was squeeking.

sune: Think about it, you purposely transformed our instructor in class and it was not about transformations. Also kitsunes can understand foxes as if it was their own language.

female human B: Fine I will go this time but you furries have not seen the last of me. I Sina Buttface will take my revenge

sune(trying not to laugh): Lets go

sune and sina leave the room

flame: Flower can you translate for me

female kitsune A: Will do

system: Flame and Flower continue on for a hour going over things like grading and Flame's office hours as well as student resources

the bell rings 
chapter 3
system: Press Pause to get access to a map

blair thinking: What is my next class... lunch. I think Glacia is at the same time. Great!

as soon as blair approaches the cafeteria. the ceiling collapses on her

the screen blacks out

blair wakes up in her bed

blair: Was that a dream or did it happen

blair then turns on the tv

this is a special news update congress is proposing a bill to join the new earth order congress

glacia: Blair are you awake?

blair then turns off the tv and runs downstairs

glacia notices blair and walks over

glacia: Sorry about yesterday, a human girl from your class threw a explosive into the kiln a floor above you while a student was using it. She was expelled. She kept using the racism card as to why they shouldn't expel. Too bad for them there were cameras. I got to practice healing magic, though I wish I didn't have to learn it this way.

blair: You mean that wasn't a dream

kit: No, it wasn't. I got information about yesterday's news. This is purely propaganda. the New Earth Order has been hyjacking news stations but I think they are paying the owners under the table but I can't prove it. Since you recently awakened your magic, you will have to learn your shrine duties

blair: Shrine duties?

kit: This is for powerful magics or remembrance of the dead. All female kitsunes have to learn this when coming of age.

blair: But what if I don't want to learn magic?

kit: Sorry, but it is for your own good. How about this, can you deliver this package to Slice Fireglobe? He is to the Southeast of here.(and marked on the map)

blair(annoyed): Fine.

once the blair reaches the house, slice and bias can be seen practicing swordsmanship.

bias: Looks like the furballs are back

slice: Bias show some respect, you know it is rude.

blair: I have a package for you

slice: Looks like my blessed wooden sword has finally been repaired...while I normally don't teach the way of the sword to women, would you like to practice?

blair: sure

slice: I will have my son Bias fight you

blair: Any tips?

slice: Not until I see how you fight first

(mini-boss Bias fireglobe HP 20 atk 1. melee attacks only can-lose=true)[can-lose means no game-over on 0 hp]
if lost
 bias: Look the furball is running with their tail between their legs

 slice Slaps bias hard enough to knock him back a few feet

 slice: Bias show some respect! This probably is the first time she is using the sword and you have been practicing since you have been able to walk. Sorry about him but if I were to guess you might want to focus on your agility or focus on blocking spells. While I can't teach the spells since I can't cast magic, I do know there are some instructors at your school who can teach you


if won
 bias: I lost? No it can't be! That furball must of cheated!
 
 slice: If anyone cheated it is you Bias and that is not how to treat a lady. It looks like there isn't much I can teach you

 slice: Take this, it should help you on your journey ($20)

both
slice: Here take this knife. It ain't much but it can help you protect yourself. Meanwhile, I got to scold my son on how to treat a lady.

blair: I guess I have to check back with my mom

chapter 4
when the player returns home the door is busted open what looks like a fox ear is on the ground in front of the door

blair: what happened... is that glacia's

blair enters the house to find kit is on the ground unconscious

blair shakes kit and she wakes up.

blair: what happened.

kit: the New Earth Order attacked. come with me

blair and kit walk over to glacia's room

blair: what happened to glacia

kit: they, they took her how did you know she was taken.

blair: I had a feeling it was the case [blair shows kit glacia's ear]

kit: oh my. blair can you check the room for any clues as to where they went

the room looks like destroyed ice crystals everywhere and the wooden floors are severely cracked but in the bottom left corner is a note on her bed

blair: I can tell she didn't come willingly

once the player makes it toward the note

note: kit, convince the president to give up the united states or your daughter will be killed. if you bring this to the police or put this on the media, she is also dead. New Earth Order

blair then exits

system: blair then shows kit the letter

kit: I will show him the letter, but I am fairly sure I already know the answer.NO.

blair: did glacia have her phone on her I didn't see it anywhere

kit: I don't know why

blair: the day before I was knocked unconscious. I put a tracker on her phone.

kit: to be honest I don't know why I didn't think of that. what are we going to do.

blair: I will try to track her down. instead of convincing the president to give up the united states instead convince him to call the secret service or the national guard to try to get her out.

kit: you are not to leave the house. I...I can't lose another.

blair: I will stay here until you come back but If they come back I won't hesitate to leave.

kit: ... how about I leave you with slice tonight at least until I get you a security detail.

blair(slightly irritated): great and what about his racist son.

kit: I would rather have you with someone I trust than with you alone. while his son's racism could be a problem but I am fairly certain slice punished him for it. I knew him since I was your age.

blair: I was told that calling a monster a furrball is a racist slur.

kit (sighs) and speaks silently: you are too trusting. (normal voice) who told you?

blair: flower Hound.

kit: did bias just send insults to you or does he do it to every monster.

blair: just me

kit: that isn't racism while he does use racist slang but using it does not mean he is racist. racism is to treat a whole race a certain way not just a single person. essentially this would be saying that because one kitsune cupple inbreads a racist person would treat every kitsune as a inbreed.

blair: oh...I see now flower is a racist then.

kit then drags blair over to slice's house

slice: what is the matter did blair not do something correctly

kit: I wish that was the case. the New Earth Order kidnapped glacia.

slice: oh. let me guess you want me to take care of blair for a few days

kit: yes, at least until I can get a security detail on her.

slice: what was the ransom.

kit: convince the president to give up the United States...but blair came up with a better Idea. she is going to use leads to track glacia down and take her back.

slice: I will keep blair safe as best as I can. do what you need to I will write a note to their school that they are feeling sick and spread it to bias.

kit: ok(then she leaves)

blair: why does she trust you?

bias: oh look the furball has come to play again.

slice: bias this is serious I will tell you later. blair I was your father's best friend other than your mother. you can use my oldest's room she went to college last year. we will visit your house tomorrow so you can get your things

as soon as blair enters the room the screen fades to black

[system] some time passed

bias enters the room blair is on the bed

bias: I...I am sorry for my outburst earlier I didn't know. I can't complain too much, at least I get to skip out of school.

blair: it may take a few days until my mom comes back do you want to play some video games.

bias: I accept your furry a%$# is going down

blair: please don't call me that, but you are on.

the screen cuts to a video game in which two monsters are fighting each other after beating a crowd of enemies (using the game's mechanics but different HUD)

after the game(regardless of winning)

bias: how does it feel... to use magic is it like the game

blair: sometimes it is hard to describe. it is like intentionally triggering your gag reflex but instead of the puke coming out of your mouth necessarily it is coming out of whatever body part you direct it. I am fairly certain I am not properly explaining it but that is the closest way of explaining it.

bias: sounds interesting I was thinking on joining the military but they won't take me

blair: I could be wrong but as a soldier you would have to follow orders even if it means protecting monsters. it could be your racism might be holding you back

bias: I will keep that in mind well good night.

chapter 5:

blair wakes up to slice yelling at her to get up

blair: I am up.

slice: we are going to your house. I will also give you your first lesson on using the shrine.

blair: you can't use magic reminder.

slice: just because I can't use it does not mean I don't know the motions. you mother will teach you how to use the magic of the shrine when she gets back.

the game shifts to dancing mini game and resets if failed (mechanically similar to the woodland biking minigame but instead of avoiding you have to hit the targets)

blair: strangely that felt fun

slice: I know I could tell why not get yourself a change of clothes

bias: look at I found.

slice and blair then walk into the house to glacia's room

bias: this room is trashed but strangely I like it

blair: that was my sister's room. that is a crime scene so you shouldn't touch anything

bias: should’ve told me earlier

slice then facepalmed

slice: bias please don't touch anything else. if someone kidnapped Alice, would you be angry if one of your classmates tainted the crime scene making it harder to track the kidnapper

bias: oh sorry.

slice: I will talk to you later I need to check on something watch over blair for a few minutes. please don't do something I will regret having you watch her

bias: fine.

the screen changes to blair's room

bias then turns on the tv.

bias: ...you watch this garbage this is just fake news

blair: then looks at the screen it shows a picture of a building "The New Earth Order opened a new headquarters in charlotte North Carolina

bias changed the channel to cartoons

blair: change it back that might be a lead

bias: lead to what.

blair: where they took my sister. I was going to also use my tracker program on my laptop.

bias: alright fine

bias changed the channel back.

Then glass shattered in another room

blair: what was that

bias: let’s go look

When both blair and bias enter the next room, the screen pans up slice is seen fighting some humans in dark body armor

slice: bias, blair RUN to my house, I can take care of myself

blair: go over to the garage

when the player makes it to the garage (while fighting enemies) 

The player chooses which bike to take bias takes the other.

enemies try to attack blair on the way (lessening as they get close to slice's house)

bias: what are we going to do you didn't get anything.

blair: did I (holding a black box).

bias: nice try but I don't think that -

blair then takes a laptop out it expands after exiting the box

blair: I did hear the address while we were running. I do have good hearing.

bias: ok, do you think my dad will be ok

blair: just need to use this and this. done found the address. I think he will be fine but, even so I am worried

soon after slice enters the house.

slice: I am back I think they won't mess with us for a while.

blair you are hurt. bias where is the first aid kit

bias: can't you heal it. You do have magic power.

blair: healing magic isn't taught until next year.

bias then runs off screen and comes back with large first aid kit.

bias: here is the kit. now why can't you use magic.

blair: I don't know why but any magic other than fire finds some way of turning explosive. I don't know why.

bias: I see.

chapter 6

blair wrapped some of slice's wounds in bandages then went to bed. the next day

slice(off screen): blair wake up.

blair: I am up.

slice: while you were asleep someone tried to imitate being secret service. kit did confirm this was sent by the new Earth Order.

blair: I have an Idea on where glacia might be but I need to know if there is actually a building there.

blair tells slice the address

slice: I will ask a friend to check but you need to stay here it could be a trap.

blair: arn't you worried about your friend.

slice: of corse however I know he is the kind that is willing to sacrifice himself for the country. also he has a strange love for danger and getting in their way could harm their chances.

bias walks into the scene

blair: who is your friend.

slice: he does not like people using his name but I will tell you he is human.

blair: wouldn't not having magic hamper is survival odds

slice: magic isn't everything but a extension of oneself. if you don't have a good core your magic will also be stable. also he does have a magic artifact to convert magic power into actual magic. I do as well, in fact you even delivered it to me

blair: it didn't look magical

slice: think about it someone that has a lot of metal weapons and having a fully wooden one. wouldn't put you as odd. while magic artifacts that give humans the ability to cast magic it comes at the cost of their magic defense. this is one of the things that humans have over monsters.

blair: what are the other benefits as knowing the enemy is mostly comprised of humans. it would be good to know

slice: some humans can use anti-magic. in some ways it is similar to magic and most monsters can use it but if done incorrectly for most humans it would be a slight burn but for monsters it would be the equivalent of putting a lit stick of dynomite in that location. some can persuade monsters with little ease and are mostly immune to mental magic attacks unless by suprise. for both it can be used against another human but with decreased efficency.

blair: can they be both

slice: yes theoretically however the odds are nearly impossible

bias: are they learned or obtained

slice: the anti magic can be learned but if you don't have the natural talent for it. it is highly unstable and you have a high likelyhood of killing your allies than your enemies. we are the second type the type that is immune to mind reading.

blair: what are the weaknesses.my mom said magic is always balanced.

slice: you do listen. for anti-magic users their weakness requires concentration and a clear mind or else  the anti-spell will rebound on themself. for persuasion type having a strong willpower or extreme dumb stupidity counter this. also for both attacking them off guard is also a viable weakness.

blair: I know this sounds like a weird question can there be a human monster hybrid.

slice: yes, but they are very destructive and rarely live long enough to adulthood. for all living beings your highest magic power on average is the average of the parents magic storage levels and their output is half of that, unless you are human where the output is near zero. but most hemans have a lot of magic storage if they can find some way to use it. this is why a child of a human and monster is generally taboo because in most cases usually ends with one or both parents dying from their child. I have been told that their general race appearance is determined by what race the mother is. while I know you and bias have been somewhat frendly recently I do not recomend you have a child with him.

blair: wasn't planning on it but I will keep it in mind. so what is the plan go and beat up some bad guys

slice: no we stay here until either your mother comes back or a approved security detail comes for you. but since you have all this pemt up energy you can try the training corse in my backyard. or you can use the internet to do reasearch on magic, or you can play some video games with bias. I promised your mom that I keep you safe.
blair: fine
[if the player chose to use the training ground]
 [if successful]
	slice: good job lets go inside for lunch
 [if unsuccessful]
	slice: try again you might get further
 [if unsuccessful more than three times and the player chose to stop]
	slice:its alright I might of made it too hard for you. lets go inside for lunch

[if the player chose to research magic]
system: this is a long text do you want a simplified version
 simplified version: blair learned ice shard by watching a very annoying video that was mentally taxing for her and was called in for lunch
 non simplified version: 
 ???:magic is about expressing oneself by manipulating I kitty clawface(reference for jem of twilight) will teach you the wonderful ice magic
 blair: why do I have a bad fealing about this
 kity: in order to use magic you have to move the energy through your body
 system: the screen shows a complicated diagramon energy paths
 kity: for this we only need to do this energy movement
 system: the screen shows a arrow going from the gut to the arms, and legs
 blair: you could of saved some time just saying that
 kity: next you have to control your breathing and focus on your target. and envision your target getting colder. the energy in your body will do the rest
 blair: ok but why do I need to control my breathing
 system: blair then took a few foxberries she had stuffed in the black box and placed them on the floor
 blair: on seccond thaught I will ask slice
 blair picks up the berries and goes to ask slice to find someplace to practice magic
 in the next room
 blair: I would like to try some magic and I don't want to accidentally do damage to the room.
 slice: use the training dummy at the end of the training ground and is it too much to ask that I come with you
 blair uses ice magic but was only able to create a single ice crystal
 blair: let me rewatch the video again
 blair then re-looks at the video skipping the unnessary parts
 blair: lets try this again
 this time encased the training dummy in a thick block of ice
 blair then puts a berry in her mouth.
 blair: these are my favorite snack want some
 slice: sorry but no I think your magic teacher learned the effects of that to non-kitsunes. why not come to lunch.
 system: you can select the new magic using select
[if the player chose to play video games]
the player walks over to their room and bias enters soon after
bias: lets go for round 2
blair: your'e on

next is a beat em up style minigame that uses the same mechanics as normal combat

[all]
slice: bias ,blair(if player chose to play video games otherwise just bias) time for dinner
the scene changes to a table and each character is seeted and before anyone can start eating. kit and leo enter the scene
slice: kit what's going on? why is the president with you?
leo: your friend was captured by the New Earth Order but before confirming a NEO base your hunch was correct.
slice: I wish I can take credit but it was blair here who found the address. you stil have not answered my question mr president why are you here? why put yourself in close proximity to NEO.
leo:I came for kit as well as blair. tonight we are going to raid their facility but we need to talk about countermeasures in case something goes wrong. blair and bias If I gave you a choice of adventure or staying where comfortable which would you choose.

blair: adventure

bias: staying

leo: should thing go south blair I am going to ask you to run toward florida. in which case you will take a shuttle to mars. and unite all the colonies. and bias you are to aid kit as well as your father on protecting the US from NEO.

slice: why is blair to run.shouldn't it be more effective if she stayed. and he isn't enlisted.

kit: that is a contingency. should the US fall this is to prevent NEO from spreading outside of Earth. you even enlisted him yourself then retracted his employment but since  he still is signed to selective service we drafted him

leo: best case is we get a ally in mars but worse case something to avenge the US. while I prefer the govermental structure to follow the US constitution but if it means allying the other colonies...so be it. I will never give in if they want the US they will have to kill me first.

kit: blair I will allow you to stay overnight but tomorrow I need you to come home. I will escort the president back to a safe place.

bias: I always wondered kit what do you do all day.

kit: the whole extent is classified but I am a ambassador for the us.

Leo: kit's mission after escorting me is to spy on NEO and pretend to be working with them. this is another countermeasure.

kit: we will take our leave.

kit and leo leave

the screen goes black and the scene changes to blair's room. bias and blair are the only ones in the room

bias: blair would you mind sneaking out tonight to see the event taking place

blair: one problem with that. kitsunes transform into a fox in low light

bias: then I will take you and we can come back in the morning

blair: ok if that is the case after we reach the area I can give you some foxberries so we both blend in...and maybe do something else.

bias: what do they do.

blair: remember magic class when sina threw something into our teacher's mouth

bias: is that what it is...ok does it hurt.

blair: the transformation no but the disorientation might cause you to trip over yourself

bias: sounds like a date then we will ride on your motorcycle

chapter 7:
the room is dark and blair is sleeping in her fox form

bias: pisst blair wake up

blair wakes up grabs her dress with her mouth and follows bias out

system:from here on blair will be talking using telepathy

blair(softly): coming