act 1 chapters 1-(9-12 not written yet)
 fall of normality (end of normal countries on Earth)
 glacia is kidnapped
 blair tracks down glacia
 bias gets kidnapped and hypnotized(and eventually mind wiped)
 glacia gets severely wounded in a attempt to rescue her
 using black magic blair and kit inject glacia's soul into her fire sword.
 NEO attacks the capital cities all over the globe.
 blair then inacts the mars contingency. to unify the colonies of mars. later called eather (it was glacia's sword's original name)
act 2
 Unification of Eather (and revolt of the colonies.)
 using the attacks on Earth as a rallying front blair unifies half of the colonies and uses her sister's hoverbike to get to areas.
 by this point the US finally falls after the president being shot at a congressional meeting the culprit then commited suicide killing 2/3 of congress and all but one member of the president's secret service and cabinent. NEO then takes over the states. this one member gave proof to blair and gets the last colony to comply.
 the Liberator battleship is created
act 3
 Revenge of Eather (attempt of rebuilding the countries on the north pole of Eather.)
Using hyper magic blair and kit create a portal to earth. the liberator entered it. blair then blacks out from overuse of magic.
 she wakes up in the med bay while the emergency evacuation is happening.
 blair escapes just before the liberator explodes
 the last chapter is blair attacking multiple nodes of NEO until she reaches the last one.
 blair destroys the last headquarters and the leader was killed. worried for their life the second in command put her son sune to be married if Eather becomes a sovern state.
blair adds a few extra conditions.
 0. she did try to put the original countries where to be re-enacted but was rejected
 1. blair will create smaller versions of the countries that was destroyed. anyone that was a national of those countries can escape to the country on eather.(only the US one still exists by jem's era)
 2. NEO can no longer expand any more.
 3. Blair and kit are the ambassadors of their respective countries. 
 4. bias was then to be put as the leader. (still hypnotized)